docs/how-to/complete-example.md, before:

# Complete Example: Tying It All Together

This guide walks through the **hero test suite** — a comprehensive example demonstrating all pytest-aitest capabilities in a single, cohesive banking scenario.

!!! tip "See the Generated Report"
    View the [hero report](../demo/hero-report.html) to see what the output looks like.

## The Scenario: Personal Finance Assistant

The hero test uses a **Banking MCP server** that simulates a personal finance application with:

- **3 accounts**: checking ($1,500), savings ($3,000), emergency ($5,000)
- **5 budget categories**: groceries, dining, entertainment, transportation, utilities
- **2 savings goals**: vacation ($500/$2,000), emergency fund ($5,000/$10,000)
- **16 tools**: balance checks, transfers, expense tracking, goal contributions

This realistic scenario lets us test how well an LLM can understand and coordinate multiple tools.

## Project Structure

```
tests/showcase/
├── test_hero.py           # The comprehensive test suite
├── conftest.py            # Shared fixtures
├── prompts/               # System prompts for comparison
│   ├── concise.md
│   ├── detailed.md
│   └── friendly.md
└── skills/
    └── financial-advisor/ # Domain knowledge skill
        ├── SKILL.md
        └── references/
            └── budgeting-guide.md
```

## Running the Hero Tests

```bash
# Run all showcase tests with HTML report
pytest tests/showcase/ -v --aitest-html=docs/demo/hero-report.html

# Run a specific test class
pytest tests/showcase/test_hero.py::TestModelComparison -v
```

## 1. Basic Tool Usage

The simplest tests verify the agent can use individual tools correctly.

```python
class TestBasicOperations:
    """Basic single-tool operations demonstrating core functionality."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_check_single_balance(self, aitest_run, banking_server):
        """Check balance of one account - simplest possible test."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(agent, "What's my checking account balance?")

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_balance")
```

**What this tests:**

- Can the LLM understand the user's intent?
- Does it select the correct tool (`get_balance`)?
- Does it pass valid parameters?

## 2. Multi-Tool Workflows

Complex operations require coordinating multiple tools in sequence.

```python
class TestMultiToolWorkflows:
    """Complex workflows requiring coordination of multiple tools."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_complete_financial_snapshot(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Get complete financial picture - accounts, budgets, and goals."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "Give me a complete financial snapshot: all account balances, "
            "my budget status, and progress on my savings goals.",
        )

        assert result.success
        # Should use multiple tools
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_all_balances") or result.tool_call_count("get_balance") >= 2
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_budgets")
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_savings_goals")
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides a comprehensive overview including balances, budgets, and goals",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Can the LLM break down a complex request?
- Does it call all necessary tools?
- Does it synthesize information coherently?

## 3. Session Continuity (Multi-Turn)

Session tests verify the agent maintains context across multiple turns.

```python
@pytest.mark.session("vacation-planning")
class TestVacationPlanningSession:
    """Multi-turn session: Planning and saving for a vacation.
    
    Tests that the agent remembers context across turns:
    - Turn 1: Establish "Italy trip" context
    - Turn 2: Reference "that trip" (must remember Italy)
    - Turn 3: Ask "what was I saving for?" (only answerable from context)
    """

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_01_establish_goal_context(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """First turn: establish the Italy trip savings goal."""
        agent = Agent(
            name="vacation-01",  # Named agent for session tracking
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I'm planning a trip to Italy next summer! Can you check my vacation "
            "savings goal and tell me how much more I need to save?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_savings_goals")

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_02_reference_without_naming(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Second turn: reference 'that trip' without saying Italy."""
        agent = Agent(
            name="vacation-02",
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "For that trip I mentioned, can you check my budgets and suggest "
            "where I could cut spending to save more?",
        )

        assert result.success
        # Agent should remember "Italy" from previous turn
```

**What this tests:**

- Does the agent maintain conversation context?
- Can it resolve references to previous turns?
- Does session state persist correctly?

## 4. Model Comparison

Compare how different LLMs perform on the same task.

```python
BENCHMARK_MODELS = ["gpt-5-mini", "gpt-4.1-mini"]

class TestModelComparison:
    """Compare how different models handle complex financial advice."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    @pytest.mark.parametrize("model", BENCHMARK_MODELS)
    async def test_financial_advice_quality(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, model: str):
        """Compare models on providing comprehensive financial advice."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{model}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I want to reach my vacation savings goal faster. Analyze my current "
            "financial situation and recommend a concrete savings plan.",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert len(result.all_tool_calls) >= 1
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides actionable savings recommendations based on financial data",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Which model gives better financial advice?
- Which model uses tools more efficiently?
- Cost vs quality tradeoffs

The report automatically generates a **model comparison table** showing:

- Pass/fail rates per model
- Token usage and costs
- AI-generated recommendations

## 5. System Prompt Comparison

Compare how different system prompts affect behavior.

First, define prompts in YAML files:

```yaml title="prompts/concise.yaml"
name: PROMPT_CONCISE
version: "1.0"
description: Brief, to-the-point financial advice
system_prompt: |
  You are a personal finance assistant. Be concise and direct.
  Give specific numbers and actionable advice in 2-3 sentences.
```

```yaml title="prompts/detailed.yaml"
name: PROMPT_DETAILED
version: "1.0"
description: Thorough financial analysis with explanations
system_prompt: |
  You are a personal finance assistant. Provide comprehensive analysis.
  Explain your reasoning, show calculations, and consider multiple scenarios.
```

Then parametrize tests with them:

```python
ADVISOR_PROMPTS = load_prompts(Path(__file__).parent / "prompts")

class TestPromptComparison:
    """Compare how different prompt styles affect financial advice."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    @pytest.mark.parametrize("prompt", ADVISOR_PROMPTS, ids=lambda p: p.name)
    async def test_advice_style_comparison(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, prompt):
        """Compare concise vs detailed vs friendly advisory styles."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=prompt.system_prompt,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I'm worried about my spending. Can you review my budgets "
            "and give me advice on managing my finances better?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_budgets")
```

**What this tests:**

- Which prompt style produces better advice?
- How does verbosity affect user experience?
- Are there quality vs token tradeoffs?

## 6. Skill Integration

Skills inject domain knowledge into the agent's context.

First, create a skill:

```markdown title="skills/financial-advisor/SKILL.md"
---
name: financial-advisor
description: Financial planning and budgeting expertise
version: 1.0.0
---

# Financial Advisor Skill

You are an expert financial advisor with deep knowledge of:

## Emergency Fund Guidelines
- Minimum: 3 months of expenses
- Recommended: 6 months of expenses
- High-risk professions: 9-12 months

## Budget Allocation (50/30/20 Rule)
- 50% Needs: rent, utilities, groceries, minimum debt payments
- 30% Wants: entertainment, dining out, subscriptions
- 20% Savings: emergency fund, retirement, goals
```

Then use it in tests:

```python
class TestSkillEnhancement:
    """Test how skills improve financial advice quality."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_with_financial_skill(
        self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, financial_advisor_skill
    ):
        """Agent with financial advisor skill should give better advice."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            skill=financial_advisor_skill,  # <-- Inject domain knowledge
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I have $1500 in checking. Should I keep it there or move some to savings? "
            "What's a good emergency fund target for someone like me?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides financial advice about emergency funds or savings allocation",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Does domain knowledge improve advice quality?
- Does the agent apply the skill's guidelines?
- Are recommendations more concrete with skills?

## 7. Error Handling

Test graceful recovery from invalid operations.

```python
class TestErrorHandling:
    """Test graceful handling of edge cases and errors."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_insufficient_funds_recovery(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Agent should handle insufficient funds gracefully."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE + " If an operation fails, explain why and suggest alternatives.",
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "Transfer $50,000 from my checking to savings.",  # Way more than available!
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("transfer")
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "explains insufficient funds or suggests an alternative amount",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Does the agent attempt the operation?
- Does it handle tool errors gracefully?
- Does it provide helpful error messages?

## Key Takeaways

### Test Structure Best Practices

1. **One server, many tests** — Reuse the same MCP server across test classes
2. **Named agents for sessions** — Use `name="session-01"` to track multi-turn state
3. **Semantic assertions** — Use `llm_assert` for behavior verification
4. **Parametrize for comparisons** — Use `@pytest.mark.parametrize` for model/prompt grids

### Assertion Patterns

| Assertion | Purpose |
|-----------|---------|
| `result.success` | Agent completed without errors |
| `result.tool_was_called("name")` | Specific tool was invoked |
| `result.tool_call_count("name") >= N` | Tool called at least N times |
| `len(result.all_tool_calls) >= N` | Total tool calls threshold |
| `llm_assert(response, condition)` | Semantic response validation |

### Report Features

The generated report includes:

- **Model comparison tables** with cost/quality analysis
- **Prompt comparison** showing style differences
- **Session flow diagrams** for multi-turn tests
- **AI-powered insights** suggesting improvements
- **Failure analysis** with root cause identification

## Next Steps

- **[Test MCP Servers](test-mcp-servers.md)** — Deep dive into MCP server configuration
- **[Generate Reports](generate-reports.md)** — Customize report output
- **[Configuration Reference](../reference/configuration.md)** — All available options

Commit message:

fix: remove non-existent load_system_prompt reference (#16)
Fixes docs build error. The api.md had a duplicate reference to
load_system_prompt (singular) which does not exist. Also fixes broken
hero-report.html link.

Co-authored-by: Stefan Broenner <stefan.broenner@microsoft.comm>

docs/how-to/complete-example.md, after:

# Complete Example: Tying It All Together

This guide walks through the **hero test suite** — a comprehensive example demonstrating all pytest-aitest capabilities in a single, cohesive banking scenario.

!!! tip "Generate the Report"
    Run `pytest tests/showcase/ -v --aitest-html=report.html` to generate the hero report.

## The Scenario: Personal Finance Assistant

The hero test uses a **Banking MCP server** that simulates a personal finance application with:

- **3 accounts**: checking ($1,500), savings ($3,000), emergency ($5,000)
- **5 budget categories**: groceries, dining, entertainment, transportation, utilities
- **2 savings goals**: vacation ($500/$2,000), emergency fund ($5,000/$10,000)
- **16 tools**: balance checks, transfers, expense tracking, goal contributions

This realistic scenario lets us test how well an LLM can understand and coordinate multiple tools.

## Project Structure

```
tests/showcase/
├── test_hero.py           # The comprehensive test suite
├── conftest.py            # Shared fixtures
├── prompts/               # System prompts for comparison
│   ├── concise.md
│   ├── detailed.md
│   └── friendly.md
└── skills/
    └── financial-advisor/ # Domain knowledge skill
        ├── SKILL.md
        └── references/
            └── budgeting-guide.md
```

## Running the Hero Tests

```bash
# Run all showcase tests with HTML report
pytest tests/showcase/ -v --aitest-html=docs/demo/hero-report.html

# Run a specific test class
pytest tests/showcase/test_hero.py::TestModelComparison -v
```

## 1. Basic Tool Usage

The simplest tests verify the agent can use individual tools correctly.

```python
class TestBasicOperations:
    """Basic single-tool operations demonstrating core functionality."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_check_single_balance(self, aitest_run, banking_server):
        """Check balance of one account - simplest possible test."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(agent, "What's my checking account balance?")

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_balance")
```

**What this tests:**

- Can the LLM understand the user's intent?
- Does it select the correct tool (`get_balance`)?
- Does it pass valid parameters?

## 2. Multi-Tool Workflows

Complex operations require coordinating multiple tools in sequence.

```python
class TestMultiToolWorkflows:
    """Complex workflows requiring coordination of multiple tools."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_complete_financial_snapshot(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Get complete financial picture - accounts, budgets, and goals."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "Give me a complete financial snapshot: all account balances, "
            "my budget status, and progress on my savings goals.",
        )

        assert result.success
        # Should use multiple tools
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_all_balances") or result.tool_call_count("get_balance") >= 2
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_budgets")
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_savings_goals")
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides a comprehensive overview including balances, budgets, and goals",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Can the LLM break down a complex request?
- Does it call all necessary tools?
- Does it synthesize information coherently?

## 3. Session Continuity (Multi-Turn)

Session tests verify the agent maintains context across multiple turns.

```python
@pytest.mark.session("vacation-planning")
class TestVacationPlanningSession:
    """Multi-turn session: Planning and saving for a vacation.
    
    Tests that the agent remembers context across turns:
    - Turn 1: Establish "Italy trip" context
    - Turn 2: Reference "that trip" (must remember Italy)
    - Turn 3: Ask "what was I saving for?" (only answerable from context)
    """

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_01_establish_goal_context(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """First turn: establish the Italy trip savings goal."""
        agent = Agent(
            name="vacation-01",  # Named agent for session tracking
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I'm planning a trip to Italy next summer! Can you check my vacation "
            "savings goal and tell me how much more I need to save?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_savings_goals")

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_02_reference_without_naming(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Second turn: reference 'that trip' without saying Italy."""
        agent = Agent(
            name="vacation-02",
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "For that trip I mentioned, can you check my budgets and suggest "
            "where I could cut spending to save more?",
        )

        assert result.success
        # Agent should remember "Italy" from previous turn
```

**What this tests:**

- Does the agent maintain conversation context?
- Can it resolve references to previous turns?
- Does session state persist correctly?

## 4. Model Comparison

Compare how different LLMs perform on the same task.

```python
BENCHMARK_MODELS = ["gpt-5-mini", "gpt-4.1-mini"]

class TestModelComparison:
    """Compare how different models handle complex financial advice."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    @pytest.mark.parametrize("model", BENCHMARK_MODELS)
    async def test_financial_advice_quality(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, model: str):
        """Compare models on providing comprehensive financial advice."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{model}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I want to reach my vacation savings goal faster. Analyze my current "
            "financial situation and recommend a concrete savings plan.",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert len(result.all_tool_calls) >= 1
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides actionable savings recommendations based on financial data",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Which model gives better financial advice?
- Which model uses tools more efficiently?
- Cost vs quality tradeoffs

The report automatically generates a **model comparison table** showing:

- Pass/fail rates per model
- Token usage and costs
- AI-generated recommendations

## 5. System Prompt Comparison

Compare how different system prompts affect behavior.

First, define prompts in YAML files:

```yaml title="prompts/concise.yaml"
name: PROMPT_CONCISE
version: "1.0"
description: Brief, to-the-point financial advice
system_prompt: |
  You are a personal finance assistant. Be concise and direct.
  Give specific numbers and actionable advice in 2-3 sentences.
```

```yaml title="prompts/detailed.yaml"
name: PROMPT_DETAILED
version: "1.0"
description: Thorough financial analysis with explanations
system_prompt: |
  You are a personal finance assistant. Provide comprehensive analysis.
  Explain your reasoning, show calculations, and consider multiple scenarios.
```

Then parametrize tests with them:

```python
ADVISOR_PROMPTS = load_prompts(Path(__file__).parent / "prompts")

class TestPromptComparison:
    """Compare how different prompt styles affect financial advice."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    @pytest.mark.parametrize("prompt", ADVISOR_PROMPTS, ids=lambda p: p.name)
    async def test_advice_style_comparison(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, prompt):
        """Compare concise vs detailed vs friendly advisory styles."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=prompt.system_prompt,
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I'm worried about my spending. Can you review my budgets "
            "and give me advice on managing my finances better?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("get_budgets")
```

**What this tests:**

- Which prompt style produces better advice?
- How does verbosity affect user experience?
- Are there quality vs token tradeoffs?

## 6. Skill Integration

Skills inject domain knowledge into the agent's context.

First, create a skill:

```markdown title="skills/financial-advisor/SKILL.md"
---
name: financial-advisor
description: Financial planning and budgeting expertise
version: 1.0.0
---

# Financial Advisor Skill

You are an expert financial advisor with deep knowledge of:

## Emergency Fund Guidelines
- Minimum: 3 months of expenses
- Recommended: 6 months of expenses
- High-risk professions: 9-12 months

## Budget Allocation (50/30/20 Rule)
- 50% Needs: rent, utilities, groceries, minimum debt payments
- 30% Wants: entertainment, dining out, subscriptions
- 20% Savings: emergency fund, retirement, goals
```

Then use it in tests:

```python
class TestSkillEnhancement:
    """Test how skills improve financial advice quality."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_with_financial_skill(
        self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server, financial_advisor_skill
    ):
        """Agent with financial advisor skill should give better advice."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE,
            skill=financial_advisor_skill,  # <-- Inject domain knowledge
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "I have $1500 in checking. Should I keep it there or move some to savings? "
            "What's a good emergency fund target for someone like me?",
        )

        assert result.success
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "provides financial advice about emergency funds or savings allocation",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Does domain knowledge improve advice quality?
- Does the agent apply the skill's guidelines?
- Are recommendations more concrete with skills?

## 7. Error Handling

Test graceful recovery from invalid operations.

```python
class TestErrorHandling:
    """Test graceful handling of edge cases and errors."""

    @pytest.mark.asyncio
    async def test_insufficient_funds_recovery(self, aitest_run, llm_assert, banking_server):
        """Agent should handle insufficient funds gracefully."""
        agent = Agent(
            provider=Provider(model=f"azure/{DEFAULT_MODEL}"),
            mcp_servers=[banking_server],
            system_prompt=BANKING_PROMPT_BASE + " If an operation fails, explain why and suggest alternatives.",
            max_turns=8,
        )

        result = await aitest_run(
            agent,
            "Transfer $50,000 from my checking to savings.",  # Way more than available!
        )

        assert result.success
        assert result.tool_was_called("transfer")
        assert llm_assert(
            result.final_response,
            "explains insufficient funds or suggests an alternative amount",
        )
```

**What this tests:**

- Does the agent attempt the operation?
- Does it handle tool errors gracefully?
- Does it provide helpful error messages?

## Key Takeaways

### Test Structure Best Practices

1. **One server, many tests** — Reuse the same MCP server across test classes
2. **Named agents for sessions** — Use `name="session-01"` to track multi-turn state
3. **Semantic assertions** — Use `llm_assert` for behavior verification
4. **Parametrize for comparisons** — Use `@pytest.mark.parametrize` for model/prompt grids

### Assertion Patterns

| Assertion | Purpose |
|-----------|---------|
| `result.success` | Agent completed without errors |
| `result.tool_was_called("name")` | Specific tool was invoked |
| `result.tool_call_count("name") >= N` | Tool called at least N times |
| `len(result.all_tool_calls) >= N` | Total tool calls threshold |
| `llm_assert(response, condition)` | Semantic response validation |

### Report Features

The generated report includes:

- **Model comparison tables** with cost/quality analysis
- **Prompt comparison** showing style differences
- **Session flow diagrams** for multi-turn tests
- **AI-powered insights** suggesting improvements
- **Failure analysis** with root cause identification

## Next Steps

- **[Test MCP Servers](test-mcp-servers.md)** — Deep dive into MCP server configuration
- **[Generate Reports](generate-reports.md)** — Customize report output
- **[Configuration Reference](../reference/configuration.md)** — All available options
