docs/reference/configuration.md, before:

---
description: "Configure pytest-aitest via pyproject.toml or command-line flags. Set up models, reports, pass rate thresholds, and provider settings."
---

# Configuration

## Quick Setup (pyproject.toml)

The recommended way to configure pytest-aitest is via `pyproject.toml`:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
addopts = """
--aitest-summary-model=azure/gpt-5.2-chat
--aitest-html=aitest-reports/report.html
"""
```

With this configuration, just run:

```bash
pytest tests/
```

Reports are generated automatically with AI insights.

## LLM Provider Setup

pytest-aitest uses [Pydantic AI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/) for LLM access. Configure via environment variables.

### Azure OpenAI (Recommended)

```bash
export AZURE_API_BASE=https://your-resource.openai.azure.com/
az login
```

### OpenAI

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-xxx
```

### Other Providers

See [Pydantic AI model docs](https://ai.pydantic.dev/models/) for Anthropic, Google, etc.

| Provider | Variable |
|----------|----------|
| Azure OpenAI | `AZURE_API_BASE` + `az login` |
| OpenAI | `OPENAI_API_KEY` |
| Anthropic | `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` |
| Google | `GEMINI_API_KEY` |

## Provider Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import Provider

# Basic - Pydantic AI handles auth via env vars
provider = Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini")

# With generation parameters
provider = Provider(
    model="openai/gpt-4o-mini",
    temperature=0.7,
    max_tokens=1000,
)

# With rate limits (model-specific)
provider = Provider(
    model="azure/gpt-5-mini",
    rpm=10,    # Requests per minute
    tpm=10000, # Tokens per minute
)
```

## Agent Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import Agent, ClarificationDetection, Provider, MCPServer

agent = Agent(
    provider=Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini"),
    mcp_servers=[server],               # MCP servers
    cli_servers=[cli],                  # CLI servers (optional)
    system_prompt="You are...",         # System prompt (optional)
    skill=my_skill,                     # Agent Skill (optional)
    max_turns=10,                       # Max tool-call rounds
    retries=3,                          # Max retries on tool errors (default: 1)
    name="my-agent",                    # Identifier for reports (optional)
    allowed_tools=["tool1", "tool2"],   # Filter tools (optional, reduces tokens)
    clarification_detection=ClarificationDetection(enabled=True),  # Detect clarification questions
)
```

## MCP Server Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import MCPServer, Wait

server = MCPServer(
    command=["python", "-m", "my_server"],
    args=["--debug"],
    env={"API_KEY": "xxx"},
    cwd="/path/to/server",
    wait=Wait.for_tools(["tool1", "tool2"]),
)
```

See [Test MCP Servers](../how-to/test-mcp-servers.md) for complete options.

## CLI Server Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import CLIServer

cli = CLIServer(
    name="git-cli",
    command="git",
    tool_prefix="git",
    shell="bash",
    cwd="/path/to/repo",
)
```

See [Test CLI Tools](../how-to/test-cli-tools.md) for complete options.

## Fixtures

### aitest_run

The main fixture for running tests:

```python
async def test_banking(aitest_run):
    agent = Agent(
        name="banking",
        provider=Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini"),
        mcp_servers=[banking_server],
    )
    
    result = await aitest_run(agent, "What's my checking balance?")
    assert result.success
```

## Assertion Models

Configure the LLM judge models for semantic and visual assertions:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
addopts = """
--llm-model=azure/gpt-5-mini
--llm-vision-model=azure/gpt-5-mini
"""
```

| Option | Default | Description |
|--------|---------|-------------|
| `--llm-model` | `openai/gpt-5-mini` | Model for `llm_assert` semantic assertions |
| `--llm-vision-model` | Falls back to `--llm-model` | Vision model for `llm_assert_image` assertions |
| `--aitest-analysis-prompt` | Built-in prompt | Path to a custom analysis prompt file |

## CLI Override

You can override pyproject.toml settings via CLI:

```bash
# Use a different model for this run
pytest tests/ --aitest-summary-model=azure/gpt-5.2-chat

# Different output path
pytest tests/ --aitest-html=custom-report.html

# Run each test 5 times for baseline stability testing
pytest tests/ --aitest-iterations=5

# Custom assertion model
pytest tests/ --llm-model=azure/gpt-5-mini
```

Commit message:

feat: add compact AI summary mode for report generation (#63)
## Summary
- add compact AI summary mode to both report paths
- add pytest flag --aitest-summary-compact
- use existing report CLI flag --compact for regenerated reports
- keep full conversation detail for failed tests while compacting passed
tests
- fix insights input handling to include failed AgentResult values
explicitly
- add unit tests for option plumbing and compact behavior
- update CLI/config docs with usage examples

## Testing
- uv run pytest tests/unit/test_cli.py tests/unit/test_hooks.py
tests/unit/test_insights.py -q

Closes #62

---------

Co-authored-by: Stefan Broenner <stefan.broenner@microsoft.comm>

docs/reference/configuration.md, after:

---
description: "Configure pytest-aitest via pyproject.toml or command-line flags. Set up models, reports, pass rate thresholds, and provider settings."
---

# Configuration

## Quick Setup (pyproject.toml)

The recommended way to configure pytest-aitest is via `pyproject.toml`:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
addopts = """
--aitest-summary-model=azure/gpt-5.2-chat
--aitest-html=aitest-reports/report.html
"""
```

With this configuration, just run:

```bash
pytest tests/
```

Reports are generated automatically with AI insights.

## LLM Provider Setup

pytest-aitest uses [Pydantic AI](https://ai.pydantic.dev/) for LLM access. Configure via environment variables.

### Azure OpenAI (Recommended)

```bash
export AZURE_API_BASE=https://your-resource.openai.azure.com/
az login
```

### OpenAI

```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-xxx
```

### Other Providers

See [Pydantic AI model docs](https://ai.pydantic.dev/models/) for Anthropic, Google, etc.

| Provider | Variable |
|----------|----------|
| Azure OpenAI | `AZURE_API_BASE` + `az login` |
| OpenAI | `OPENAI_API_KEY` |
| Anthropic | `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` |
| Google | `GEMINI_API_KEY` |

## Provider Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import Provider

# Basic - Pydantic AI handles auth via env vars
provider = Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini")

# With generation parameters
provider = Provider(
    model="openai/gpt-4o-mini",
    temperature=0.7,
    max_tokens=1000,
)

# With rate limits (model-specific)
provider = Provider(
    model="azure/gpt-5-mini",
    rpm=10,    # Requests per minute
    tpm=10000, # Tokens per minute
)
```

## Agent Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import Agent, ClarificationDetection, Provider, MCPServer

agent = Agent(
    provider=Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini"),
    mcp_servers=[server],               # MCP servers
    cli_servers=[cli],                  # CLI servers (optional)
    system_prompt="You are...",         # System prompt (optional)
    skill=my_skill,                     # Agent Skill (optional)
    max_turns=10,                       # Max tool-call rounds
    retries=3,                          # Max retries on tool errors (default: 1)
    name="my-agent",                    # Identifier for reports (optional)
    allowed_tools=["tool1", "tool2"],   # Filter tools (optional, reduces tokens)
    clarification_detection=ClarificationDetection(enabled=True),  # Detect clarification questions
)
```

## MCP Server Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import MCPServer, Wait

server = MCPServer(
    command=["python", "-m", "my_server"],
    args=["--debug"],
    env={"API_KEY": "xxx"},
    cwd="/path/to/server",
    wait=Wait.for_tools(["tool1", "tool2"]),
)
```

See [Test MCP Servers](../how-to/test-mcp-servers.md) for complete options.

## CLI Server Configuration

```python
from pytest_aitest import CLIServer

cli = CLIServer(
    name="git-cli",
    command="git",
    tool_prefix="git",
    shell="bash",
    cwd="/path/to/repo",
)
```

See [Test CLI Tools](../how-to/test-cli-tools.md) for complete options.

## Fixtures

### aitest_run

The main fixture for running tests:

```python
async def test_banking(aitest_run):
    agent = Agent(
        name="banking",
        provider=Provider(model="azure/gpt-5-mini"),
        mcp_servers=[banking_server],
    )
    
    result = await aitest_run(agent, "What's my checking balance?")
    assert result.success
```

## Assertion Models

Configure the LLM judge models for semantic and visual assertions:

```toml
[tool.pytest.ini_options]
addopts = """
--llm-model=azure/gpt-5-mini
--llm-vision-model=azure/gpt-5-mini
"""
```

| Option | Default | Description |
|--------|---------|-------------|
| `--llm-model` | `openai/gpt-5-mini` | Model for `llm_assert` semantic assertions |
| `--llm-vision-model` | Falls back to `--llm-model` | Vision model for `llm_assert_image` assertions |
| `--aitest-analysis-prompt` | Built-in prompt | Path to a custom analysis prompt file |
| `--aitest-summary-compact` | Disabled | Omit full conversation turns for passed tests in AI analysis |

## CLI Override

You can override pyproject.toml settings via CLI:

```bash
# Use a different model for this run
pytest tests/ --aitest-summary-model=azure/gpt-5.2-chat

# Different output path
pytest tests/ --aitest-html=custom-report.html

# Run each test 5 times for baseline stability testing
pytest tests/ --aitest-iterations=5

# Custom assertion model
pytest tests/ --llm-model=azure/gpt-5-mini

# Compact AI analysis input for large suites
pytest tests/ --aitest-summary-model=azure/gpt-5.2-chat --aitest-summary-compact
```

## Programmatic Prompt Access

You can retrieve the effective AI analysis prompt (CLI override → hook override → built-in default) in code:

```python
from pytest_aitest import get_analysis_prompt

prompt_text = get_analysis_prompt(pytest_config)
```

To also inspect where it came from:

```python
from pytest_aitest import get_analysis_prompt_details

prompt_text, source, path = get_analysis_prompt_details(pytest_config)
# source: "cli-file" | "hook" | "built-in"
# path: file path when source == "cli-file", otherwise None
```

This is useful for debugging, logging, or tooling that needs to inspect the exact prompt used for AI summary generation.
